
Initial Research:

After having read many articles on handling large amount of data, I first tried to use distributed cluster computing framework spark to solve this.
But it took longer time than expected to initialize. So, I focused on other solutions like using a B+ tree on the file to search and extract
the log files, took 1.3 seconds to extract the dates of a file of 60000 lines.

Considering that the problem statement involves printing the logs between two given time ranges which are spread across multiple log files, 
And also taking into account that each file is of 16GB which cannot be loaded completely in RAM.


I came up with these approaches


1.Finding the files which are between the two dates becomes difficult for such huge amount of data, making a B+ tree structure on the data 
which was very efficient than my previous approach, as the time stamps can be between any two files such the we can print all the nodes
from the starting date to ending date.
 

2. So I tried using B+ indexing to  find the files between the given time range and print all the data from each log file that comes under the
   given range using java scanner(As it doesn’t load the file in memory).

 

3. But Since I have a RAM of (4GB) .The tree construction was crashing my system as I'm using JAVA and the size of tree cannot load more
   than 2000 lines.But I was able to extract the files in 0.212 seconds for a file of 10000 lines, when I performed linear search the file it 
   took about 4 seconds to this process.Since this was more optimized but the capacity was limited , I tried partition on the file.

 

4.The next approach I came up with was to split the files into smaller parts( I did a split for every 2000 lines). We can split for a higher
  number depending upon our RAM size.

 

5.Then I performed a binary search to find the start and end dates.

 

6.I have handled all the cases.  Where the start and end times are in the same file and when they are spread across many files.

 

 The codes for all my research and final solution are int the Source Code text file.

 